chore: change the comment for defaultNamespace in values.yaml (#9793)
determined-ai/determined: docs/setup-cluster/k8s/resource-caps.rst

   specify a namespace in the namespace field, the workspace is bound to that namespace. If the
   field is left blank, the workspace is bound to the namespace specified in the
   ``resource_manager.default_namespace`` section of your master configuration (when set), and is

>    otherwise bound to the release namespace. We fall back to the default Kubernetes namespace,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
otherwise bound to the release namespace. For non-helm Determined deployments, it falls back to the default Kubernetes namespace, ``default``.
```

Author: fixed!

>    "default", during non-helm determined deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
